Bill Carl how are you good? How are you feeling good awesome Alex I didn't get a chance to tell you last week
But that was a really nice job you did on your talk. Yeah, good job. Thanks guys
With Jehovah's help it came together believe me. I've been so busy
It was just it was hard to make time to prepare it
Oh tell me about it
I think the whole congregation has had a lot going on lately. Yeah, it has you both would know aren't you both auxiliary pioneering?
How's that going? It's going actually yesterday
I was able to show one of our JW dot org videos with a man
He said I can come back this Saturday. I think he might even agree to a study you want to come with me Alex
You know, I'm sorry. I'm gonna be tied up for most of this Saturday
But maybe Bill can come with how about a bill sure I have a call to make to maybe we can do both calls together
All right deal so Bill you got a good call to tell us about it. Oh, yes